feat: GitLab CI model and base classes (#1357)
projen/projen: docs/gitlab.md

# GitLab

> [GitLab CI/CD](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/yaml/gitlab_ci_yaml.html) uses a `.gitlab-ci.yml` configuration located in the root of your repository. Optionally `.gitlab-ci.yml` files can be split into multiple files to increase readability, or reduce duplication of the same configuration in multiple places by using [include](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/yaml/#include).

Reviewer: Let me know if this sounds any better
```suggestion
[GitLab CI/CD](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/yaml/gitlab_ci_yaml.html) uses a `.gitlab-ci.yml` file located at the root of your repository to specify continuous integration and continuous deployment processes. GitLab CI configuration files can be split into multiple files using the [include](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/yaml/#include) fields in order to increase readability or reduce duplication of the same configuration in multiple places.
```
